Add docs on `run_from` fields (#33466)
elastic/beats: heartbeat/docs/monitors/monitor-common-options.asciidoc

value specified for `timeout` is greater than `schedule`, intermediate checks
will not be executed by the scheduler.

[float]
[[monitor-run-from]]
=== `run_from`

Determines which geographic location to label this monitor as running from. Note, this
is usually better handled by using the top level `heartbeat.run_from` option which
takes the same values, but applies them to every monitor.

Takes two top-level fields: `id` and `geo`, where `id` is a string used to uniquely identify
the geographic location, and indexed as the `observer.name` field, and `geo` which is a map
conforming to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-geo.html[ECS geo fields]

> and is indexed under `observer.geo`.

Reviewer: Copy over the changes from above?

value specified for `timeout` is greater than `schedule`, intermediate checks
will not be executed by the scheduler.

[float]
[[monitor-run-from]]
=== `run_from`

Use the `run_from` option to set the geographic location fields relevant to a given heartbeat monitor.

The `run_from` option is used to label the geographic location where the monitor is running.
Note, you can also set the `run_from` option on all monitors via the `heartbeat.run_from` option.

The `run_from` option takes two top-level fields:

* `id`: A string used to uniquely identify the geographic location. It is indexed as the `observer.name` field.

> * `geo`: A map conforming to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-geo.html[ECS geo fields]. It is indexed under `observer.geo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `geo`: A map conforming to {ecs-ref}/ecs-geo.html[ECS geo fields]. It is indexed under `observer.geo`.
```
